Fingerprint sensor-Detects and scans fingerprints when a finger is placed
on it.We might use it for a Safe or some kind of protection project.It cost
49.95 https://www.adafruit.com/products/751

Muscle Sensor Surface EMG Electrodes - H124SG Covidien - Pack of 6-Looks for
the electrical activity produced from your muscles and records the data into
the rassberry pi.We might use this to make some kind of hand controller that
moves a direction based on what muscle you move.It cost $4.95 
https://www.adafruit.com/products/2773

Pulse Sensor Amped- Measures your heart-rate when placed on a finger.We can
use this When making a fitness game or some kind of experiment that requires
your heart rate. It cost $25.00 https://www.adafruit.com/products/1093

Soil Temperature/Moisture Sensor - SHT10 - This sensor measures the moisture 
and tempeture of soil and sends it to any computer. This can be used when
making somekind of weather report project. It cost $49.95 
https://www.adafruit.com/products/1298

Melexis Contact-less Infrared Sensor - MLX90614 3V- This sensor measures
infared light that bounces off of it and sends the information to a computer.
We can use this as a alarm system or spy project.It cost $15.95 
https://www.adafruit.com/products/1747

I find the Muscle sensor the most interesting because it can be easily
configured and set up to make a fun interactive controller anyone can use.
The second most interesting sensor for me would be the Infared sensor because
of the potential to make some kind of spy communication or alarm system that 
can be set up on a door or window to alert of unwanter guest.The 3rd most 
Interesting sensor to me would be the fingerptint sensor because we can use it
for somekind of interactive safe that only certain people have access to. 
